Jhalawar Road Hello friends, welcome to
our YouTube channel Gyan. Friends,
today's video is very important because
today we have a Urmila and this
surprise courier is
visible here from ICI, so it means that the
courier we got here has
come from ICICI Lombard, but
what is in it, friends, we do not know anything, so
now we will translate it in front of you
and after translating we will show you what
we got from this company, so it will
increase with us in the video,
friends, please give full voice to the video and do
not forget to like, share the video and those who want to
subscribe to our channel so that
you keep getting similar videos, so
let's start the video
and cut it and there is a a in the middle of it,
you can see that here there is a complete
ITI branding, IPL from the top,
this is the surprise, what is that, we got one thing, what is that,
very excited in the middle of it,
we are verifying with me,
very
excited to see this, what will come out on our side,
opposition surprise in the middle  And after one layer
another layer comes so that it looks like a
birthday gift so it can be quite nice
friends let's open this thing and
see what is inside it
I am very good for you for doing
office work in 11th 10th
so here one we get its clips you can
remember these one here is
this speed you can see here there is a
diameter on the back which we will
put here and after that here you can see
this point is quite good let's
put it and see how it fits so
now we can put it in it even
put it here we can put it in it also
see
now on my stomach it has moved back a little, we have
seen it a little
other pens present in the school which we can
keep our marks etc. in it we can keep pants
so it will look good on an office table
after that the biggest thing is that we
can connect it with our laptop
so connect it with the laptop
and then see if any USP
charge etc. here does its work or
not so that  We will check it here, so
first of all our job is friends, what
we do is connect it to our laptop,
so I have attached it here,
now I am not
going to attach it only to my laptop, it has happened, so
I have attached the place here only, you
can see, here it has come to
me in this way, we
can keep it anywhere on our table here and it is
not going to take much speed, so
what we do is we rotate it from here and
keep it on this side, so
here we have
kept it on our table, you can see it is
set up easily, we can keep our pen etc.
here in English, we have our
slip for important notes, we have
anything left here on the wrist
and if it is a pen drive then we
can keep that too here, so it is a very good
thing because we have got it from here,
similarly today from low medium, I got a
surprise courier call, yes
sir, you have a courier, so I thought that
I have something.  I hadn't ordered this, so where did it
come from? I went to get it and I
saw it when I was upset that it was from Eye Serum, there was
absolutely
no information that the courier would come this way,
but friends, I have received many kinds of gifts from them,
if you also do good
work, you will also get official gifts, I got
one Pooja and I got Mehboob, let me show you, I
also got a diary, which I got a few
days ago from Kuch Noodle Wealth, keep a diary and there was
a banner, let me show you, another
material which came, there is also a diary, a
very good shape, a good diary,
I have a diary here which we get, I just got it from Aisee, Aisee Eye Don't,
and they keep sending a lot of things from time to time,
prime time, I got
this banner, Pancake Reflect, which
I have put on the front and now another
new banner which I have got, it is
quite big,
you can see most of the Dungar, let me
replace it a little, and the
photo is something like this banner,
Jai Hind, you see, I have placed it below, so
this is also a banner for the same  I have also got it,
so let's take a pen drive and see
whether it works at that time or not.
We have a gold pen drive,
so now we will put this Android in it
and see whether it works or
not. What happened was that
we put the pen drive in it and
see whether it is working or not. The pen drive is not working in it, it
means this will work for charging, it will
not work for the pen drive. So right now I don't have a
charging cable, so if I don't have a charging cable, then it is a
gift from someone, so something or the other will come to us.
If you liked the video, then definitely
subscribe to the channel and
share the video. Jai Hind friends.